cloud-formations/README.md, before:

# Cloud formations

This section contains various Cloud Formation templates, using the `yaml` template engine, which can be run on your own AWS account, to quickly build up one or more services and configurations.

# Structure of the Repository

This repository is divided into two main sections:

- `services`: contains various templates which enable various services, in different flavours.
- `architectures`: contains various templates which allow you to deploy more complex architectures into a single cloud formation.

## How to run a Template

1. Open the Console and Login with your AWS Account<br />
`aws configure`
2. Deploy a template using AWS CLI<br />
`aws cloudformation deploy --template-file .\template.yaml --stack-name name --parameter-overrides "Param1=Value1"` 

Templates provides output parameters, which can be used to identify the template, for example, or to directly access the resource.

 > **Beware** <br />
 My templates **do not have** the parameter `DeletionPolicy: Retain`. So, if you delete the Stack, all resources beneat will be gone too.

By using `aws deploy`, you will automatically create incremental changesets inside your Cloud Stack Formation, which allows you to track the incremental changes applied to your resources.

## How to concat multiple Stack(s) together

You might come up with scenarios where you want to concat multiple Cloud Stack together. For example, you will need to generate a CMK (Custom Managed Key) in order to encrypt an S3 storage.

# Available Templates

## S3 (Simple Storage Service)

[Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/s3)

| Template | Description | Parameters |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| [01-default-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/01-default-s3.template.yaml) | Create a basic S3 storage with default public access enabled | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [02-private-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/02-private-s3.template.yaml) | Create a basic S3 storage with default private access enabled | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [03-version-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/03-version-s3.template.yaml) | Create a basic S3 storage with versioning enabled | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [04-encrypted-aws-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/04-encrypted-aws-s3.template.yaml) | Create an S3 storage with AWS managed encryption | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [05-encrypted-kms-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/05-encrypted-kms-s3.template.yaml) | Create an S3 storage with AWS KMS encryption | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |

Commit message:

Sample S3 Static website including HTTPS with Cloud Front

cloud-formations/README.md, after:

# Cloud formations

This section contains various Cloud Formation templates, using the `yaml` template engine, which can be run on your own AWS account, to quickly build up one or more services and configurations.

# Structure of the Repository

This repository is divided into two main sections:

- `services`: contains various templates which enable various services, in different flavours.
- `architectures`: contains various templates which allow you to deploy more complex architectures into a single cloud formation.

## How to run a Template

1. Open the Console and Login with your AWS Account<br />
`aws configure`
2. Deploy a template using AWS CLI<br />
`aws cloudformation deploy --template-file .\template.yaml --stack-name name --parameter-overrides "Param1=Value1"` 

Templates provides output parameters, which can be used to identify the template, for example, or to directly access the resource.

 > **Beware** <br />
 My templates **do not have** the parameter `DeletionPolicy: Retain`. So, if you delete the Stack, all resources beneat will be gone too.

By using `aws deploy`, you will automatically create incremental changesets inside your Cloud Stack Formation, which allows you to track the incremental changes applied to your resources.

## How to concat multiple Stack(s) together

You might come up with scenarios where you want to concat multiple Cloud Stack together. For example, you will need to generate a CMK (Custom Managed Key) in order to encrypt an S3 storage.

# Available Services

## S3 (Simple Storage Service)

[Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/s3)

| Template | Description | Parameters |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| [01-default-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/01-default-s3.template.yaml) | Create a basic S3 storage with default public access enabled | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [02-private-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/02-private-s3.template.yaml) | Create a basic S3 storage with default private access enabled | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [03-version-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/03-version-s3.template.yaml) | Create a basic S3 storage with versioning enabled | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [04-encrypted-aws-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/04-encrypted-aws-s3.template.yaml) | Create an S3 storage with AWS managed encryption | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |
| [05-encrypted-kms-s3.template.yaml](./services/s3/05-encrypted-kms-s3.template.yaml) | Create an S3 storage with AWS KMS encryption | - `BucketNameParameter`: The name of the Bucker prefixed by your Account ID |

# Available Architectures

## Static Website

A static website, hosted on an S3 bucket, exposed to CloudFront and protected via Route 53, in order to provide a custom Domain name.

[Goto the project](./architectures/s3-website/)
